Row data consists of 330 columns and 27 rows with dtypes: float64(13), int64(11), object(3). Looking at the csv, we can see many empty cells, but our "Big Mountain Resort" has no missing values. There are 13/27 columns with missing values, including 'AdultWeekday' and 'AdultWeekend' ticket prices columns. They are missing 15 to 16% of values.

The 'fastEight' column has been removed as half the values are missing, and all but one of the others are the value zero. There is essentially no information in this column.

While looking at the distribution of feature values, we came across 'SkiableTerrain_ac','Snow Making_ac' values are clustered down the low end,'fastSixes', 'trams' raises an amber flag; it has more variability, but still mostly 0,
yearsOpen because most values are low but it has a maximum of 2019, which strongly suggests someone recorded calendar year rather than number of years.We dropped this row after doing the summary statistics. Also. we checked with the websites for those resorts and corrected the data.

`AdultWeekday` is the price of an adult weekday ticket. `AdultWeekend` is the price of an adult weekend ticket. These are the target features to predict ticket price.Also,in Montana where our resort is located, we found that Avg Ticket Price is the same during Weekends and Weekdays and are relatively cheap compared to California, Utah and Nevada Resorts.Some states have different price variations between Weekends and Weekdays and most of them Weekends_Price > Weekdays_Price.Also Some states have different price spreads and averages.

Out of 330 rows from the original csv, we have 277 rows after cleaning the data.

Discrepancies found in regions and states. There are duplicate resorts with same name but different states.
One of the pricing Strategy we can find from the original data is that most of the resorts are having sort of DYNAMIC pricing meaning that they have higher ticket prices during the weekends where they have higher number of visitors (Most probably) and lower ticket prices during the weekdays where they have lower number of visitors (To attract more visitors) as shown below:




How the data was wrangled

How missing values and outliers were handled 

What exploratory analysis was conducted did and what insights gained 

How was the statewide summary created

What do the distributions tell you 

How did you finalize the target feature 

